Performance best practices add apcu info (#6192)
magento/devdocs: src/guides/v2.2/performance-best-practices/software.md

opcache.max_accelerated_files=60000
```

#### APCU

> We recommend enabling the [PHP APCu extension](https://getcomposer.org/doc/articles/autoloader-optimization.md#optimization-level-2-b-apcu-cache) and [configuring `composer` to support it]({{ page.baseurl }}/performance-best-practices/deployment-flow.html#preprocess-dependency-injection-instructions) to optimize for maximum performance. This extension caches file locations for opened files, which increases performance for Magento server calls including pages, ajax calls, and endpoints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend enabling the [PHP APCu extension](https://getcomposer.org/doc/articles/autoloader-optimization.md#optimization-level-2-b-apcu-cache) and [configuring `composer` to support it]({{ page.baseurl }}/performance-best-practices/deployment-flow.html#preprocess-dependency-injection-instructions) to optimize for maximum performance. This extension caches file locations for opened files, which increases performance for Magento server calls including pages, Ajax calls, and endpoints.
```

> Edit your `apcu.ini` file to include the following:

Author: ```suggestion
Edit your `apcu.ini` configuration file to add the APCu extension module:
```

```text
extension=apcu.so
[apcu]
acp.enabled = 1
```

> 

Reviewer: Does it matter where these lines are placed?

Author: In the default .ini file, the acp.enabled is already there at the top, so it's just adding the extension.
